hey guys pick locks with Mac 86 i'm back
again and my last video i did a tutorial
or review on lip liner heroin no we say
it again lip stick heroin and lip liner
vino so i still have it on my lips and
i'm going to show you a quick video on
my foundation how to do my foundation ok
these are what I use first i use the mac
fix+ spread over my face looks very uh I
don't know luminous I don't know I just
love it it looks mix much skin glow
after that I use this is a sample it's a
little moisturizer cream for mac i
forgot the name i know this is bad but
it's a very nice texture i've been using
this for like two weeks it's small i'm
going to be slow to the size of a nickel
and all you needs a little bit take a
little bit Debbie hair hair hair hair
and rub it's so creamy it's so oh my
gosh gorgeous i love this on my skin
level level of it and then i'm going to
use those two so that's why i didn't
apply it to my face and then i use the
mac and see 45 and the pro longwear when
I mean this is pro longwear it lasts
forever I went to a wedding would this
from let's say 12 o'clock now two
o'clock and so I got home at midnight I
my face look like I sweated I didn't
swear there's no way I sweat a lot I
danced I did everything my makeup was
flawless like if you have to get a
foundation get to prolong with its $31
yes it is expensive but it is phenomenal
oh my goodness like you just need that
and well I put a skin finish on top of
mine but that's all you need and your
face is gorgeous and it's beautiful and
does not smudge nothing oh my gosh
anyway so yes that's what I
and then I have where is it the men are
eyes can finish in medium deep that goes
along with the NC 45 and that's it and
then I have these two brushes this is
the mac 188 brush this is what i use
with this use them together to have and
put all my face and then for the
mineralized skinfinish i use little dirt
i use the mac brush 129 / great
combination alright i'm going to show
you quickly how do so come a little bit
just need a little bit sometimes I need
more tip it and then you place it on
your face try not to go to my hair my
lipstick oh I also use concealer but
sometimes I don't always forget to but
just apply it all over your face
see how it blends them in my complexion
put on the hairline close enough to it
do the nose because that has to be nice
and perfect all right do by your neck
area by the ears or your cheeks I need
the eyes especially with my eyes that
tear a lot just have to be careful
that's it then after that I take the
skin finish and use owning a little bit
tap it and rub it around on top of the
foundation
to get that flawless skin the rabbit and
really good you don't need a little bit
I think I put too much but so you need
second
and that's it how does it look it looks
natural doesn't it see how it looks
where looks like i have any makeup on
and that's it that's all you need to
prolong wear and the skin finish this
$31 this twenty eight dollars that could
be wrong about this two years ago lasts
a long time two years i use this almost
every day and this i just got recently i
was just the l'oreal but i decide to
upgrade yes sir upgrading i got this
Loria was ten dollars there's a $31 but
it was worth it gorgeous lovely and it
goes perfectly with my skin complexion
might out for you guys okay that's it at
once again in two brushes that i use the
129 and the 188 brush you can use the
bigger brush i think is a 142 but i'm
content with the little one and that's
it i hope you like my foundation video
thank you for watching bye not act to do
something extra but by